1657395: Add descriptions for SEO (1 of 3) (#18319)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/creating-an-activity-at-runtime-with-dynamicactivity.md

---
title: "Creating an Activity at Runtime with DynamicActivity"

> description: DynamicActivity is a concrete, sealed class with a public constructor. Use the class to assemble activity functionality at runtime using an activity DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: DynamicActivity is a concrete, sealed class with a public constructor. Use the class to assemble activity functionality at run time using an activity DOM.
```
